# Estimation
It should take me an hour to complete this feature. I will probably need to update four files in total: two properties files, add two `if` statements to the CommandFactory, and add two Command subclasses, one for stamp and one for clearstamps. One of the properties files relates to specifying the word corresponding to the command; the second properties file relates to the number of arguments that the command requires. 

# Review
It took me about 1.5 hours to complete this feature. 45 minutes were spent completing the feature, and another 45 debugging. Eight, instead of the expected four, files were changed. The four additional files that needed to be changed were related to the addition of two Turtle methods to add stamps, clear stamps, and check whether turtles have stamps: these four files were the Turtle abstract class, its SingleTurtle and MultipleTurtle subclasses, and the TurtleHolder class. I did not achieve the feature on the first try (hence the 45 debugging minutes) due to my failure to recognize that I had to incorporate the instance variables related to stamping into copy constructors (for the Turtles' Pens) due to regeneration of Turtle lists between user command input. 

# Analysis
The experience of adding these two commands was not as good as I would have expected based on my recall of this project's extensibility. Though the additions to the properties files, CommandFactory, and the Command subclasses were straightforward, the need to add command-specific methods to the Turtle abstract class suggested a lack of centralization in feature extensibility. Moreover, it was easy to forget to ensure copying of associated instance variables in copy constructors for Pen objects, thereby making the debugging process frustrating. Had I not been familiar with the code at all, I would have been satisfied with the preexisting infrastructure of properties files and the Command abstract class, but disappointed by the need to worry about less intuitive mechanics of the program such as copy constructors to ensure persistence of the new Turtle/Pen attributes I created. 